Added Cheat Sheet (#656)
NCAS-CMS/cf-python: docs/source/cheat_sheet.rst

|                                                                                  |       >>> new = temp.subspace(T=cf.dt('1996-01-20'))                                                                                                                            |
|                                                                                  |       >>> jan_2023 = temp.subspace(T=cf.year(2023) & cf.month(1))                                                                                                               |
|                                                                                  |       >>> annual_avg_61_90 = annual_global_avg.subspace(T=cf.year(cf.wi(1961, 1990)))                                                                                           |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                             **Accessing constructs**                             | *Select constructs by identity:*                                                                                                                                                |

Author: Thanks for the suggestion David. I thought users might not know all the metadata constructs so thought of putting the `constructs` container! I have done the changes, let me know if those are correct, thanks!

|                                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|                                                                                  |       >>> d = f.constructs.filter_by_ncvar('time')                                                                                                                              |
|                                                                                  |       >>> d = f.constructs.filter_by_ncvar('time', 'lat')                                                                                                                       |
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                  **Regridding**                                  | **Spherical regridding for regridding data between domains with spherical coordinate systems:**                                                                                 |

Author: Hi David, I didn't get this!

> |                                  **Regridding**                                  | **Spherical regridding for regridding data between domains with spherical coordinate systems:**                                                                                 |

Reviewer: Hi ANkit, sorry, it did get a bit confusing! I'm suggesting replacing `**Spherical regridding for regridding data between domains with spherical coordinate systems:**` with 
```
**Regridding in spherical polar coordinates**
```

|                                                                                  |         >>> fl = cf.read('~/file*.nc', select='units=hPa')                                                                                                                      |
|                                                                                  |         >>> fl = cf.read('~/file*.nc', select='air_temperature')                                                                                                                |
|                                                                                  |         >>> fl = cf.read('~/cf-python/docs/source/sample_files/file*.nc', select='ncvar%q')                                                                                     |
|                                                                                  +---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                                                                  | **Selecting field:**                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                                                  | **Selecting fields:**                                                                                                                                                            |
```

.. currentmodule:: cf
.. default-role:: obj

.. _Cheat_Sheet:

**Cheat Sheet**
===============

----

Version |release| for version |version| of the CF conventions.

This cheat sheet provides a summary of some key functions and methods in 
cf-python.

.. contents::
   :local:
   :backlinks: entry

+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|         Operation        |                                                                                How to?                                                                               |
+==========================+======================================================================================================================================================================+

> |        **Install**       | *Install cf-python as root, with any missing dependencies, and the cf-plot visualisation package using pip:*                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|        **Install**       | *Install cf-python, including any required dependencies, and the cf-plot visualisation package using pip:*                                                         |
```

|                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
|                          | *Temporal maxima:*                                                                                                                                                   |
|                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
|                          | .. code-block:: python                                                                                                                                               |
|                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
|                          |    >>> max = f.collapse('maximum', axes='T')                                                                                                                         |

> |                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|                          | .. code-block:: python                                                                                                                                               |
|                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
|                          |       >>> time = cf.DimensionCoordinate()                                                                                                                            |
|                          |       >>> time.standard_name='time'>>> time.set_data(cf.Data(numpy.arange(0.5, 60, 1),                                                                               |
|                          |       ...                       units='days since 1860-01-01', calendar='360_day')                                                                                   |
|                          |       >>> obs_regrid = obs.regridc([time], axes='T', method='linear')                                                                                                |

> +--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
> |      **Aggregation**     | *Aggregate all northward wind fields into a new construct:*                                                                                                          |
> |                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
> |                          | .. code-block:: python                                                                                                                                               |
> |                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
> |                          |       >>> v = cf.read("~/northward_wind*.nc")[0]                                                                                                                     |
> |                          |       >>> v_all = cf.aggregate(v)                                                                                                                                    |
> |                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
> |                          | *Aggregate allowing for missing coordinate identities to be inferred:*                                                                                               |
> |                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
> |                          | .. code-block:: python                                                                                                                                               |
> |                          |                                                                                                                                                                      |
> |                          |       >>> f = cf.read("~/realization/PRMSL.1941_mem*.nc")[0:50]                                                                                                      |
> |                          |       >>> ensemble = cf.aggregate(f, dimension=("realization",), relaxed_identities=True)[0]                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
As discussed offline, we'll remove this for now, and decide how best to represent aggregation later.
